# Classification-of-legal-contracts-using-hadoop
The original specific task and the intended use case of this project are to facilitate the development of accurate AI algorithms for contract review in corporate transactions. Contract review refers to the process where human lawyers physically search through hundreds or thousands of contracts to find a few types of legal provisions. This process is time-consuming, costly, and prone to human error. We introduced high-quality datasets of annotated contracts to facilitate a specific task. The Intended use case of the dataset is to facilitate the development of accurate AI algorithms for contract review in corporate transactions. Legal Understanding of documents is vital, It describes the legality of documents which includes an exemplar method that elucidates the task of classifying the legal documents with the help of Hadoop and Mahout. The Moto behind this project was to help the Litigators perform due diligence with the help of BIG DATA to verify the Legal documents This is important for advocates and the judicial system they get to benefit from such an automated system Advocates have to study a lot of precedents and form proper documentation before filing a case . This system can be helpful to check legal documents because there can’t be always an expert to analyze the document and tell whether the documentation is authentic or not. This project can also be modified to check all the legal documents, not just a few, and verify them as per requirements.